The brutal death of a 36-year-old transgender woman over the weekend is the latest in what activists are calling an alarming rise in anti-transgender violence.
Francisco Liriano was running low on energy in the ninth inning. A no-hitterwithin reach but his pitch count climbing,he relied on teammates to help himcomplete the best game of his career. When shortstop Matt Tolbert grabbeda liner by Adam Dunn for the final out,completing the Minnesota Twins' 1-0win over the White Sox in Chicago, Lirianowas mobbed on the mound.''To be honest, I was running out ofgas,'' he said. ''I just thank my teammatesthat they made some great playsbehind me tonight.''Liriano (2-4) walked six and struckout two in his first complete game in 95major league starts. Liriano, a 27-yearoldleft-hander who reached the bigleagues in 2005, matched his career highwith 123 pitches.
Otis Birdsong, a guard, and Scott Wedman, a forward, combined for 44 points last night, pacing the Kings to a 118-100 victory over the New Jersey Nets in Kansas City, Mo.
George Brett, the hitter who powered Kansas City all season, connected against the often unhittable Rich Gossage for a three-run homer in the seventh inning last night and catapulted the Royals into the World Series for the first time in their 12-year history.
KANSAS CITY, Mo. Oct. 9--In the first three American League pennant playoffs between the Yankees and the Kansas City Royals, neither team swept the first two games. Tonight, in their fourth playoff, Kansas City made it two in a row with a 3-2 triumph.
ul
ul
KANSAS CITY, Mo., July 25--The Yankees played the kind of baseball tonight that wins playoff games and beats the Kansas City Royals. Although it was only the middle contest of a regular-season, three-game series, the Yankees used the home-run ball three times and used Rich Gossage to pitch half the game and preserve a 5-4 triumph.
ul
IN a remarkable switch from last year's sentiments, the players in the big leagues disagree with more than half the people's choices for the starting lineups in the 51st All-Star Game, which will be played tomorrow night at Dodger Stadium in Los Angeles.
